hello there I'm Peter Alliss welcome to
old thorns Golf Club come with me
have a look around you'll enjoy it I
first came to old thorns more than
thirty years ago the property then
belonged to Ken woods you remember Ken
woods Kenwood mixes yet the very man he
had a dream of creating a golf course
here with a small exclusive membership
somewhere where you could relax and have
a lot of fun a driving range where you
could hit a few balls away and somebody
else would go and pick him up it was our
job me and David Thomas to create a golf
course here on this hundred and hundred
odd acres it wasn't easy because of the
escarpment but I think we created some
wonderful golf holes it's tight it's
certainly not easy and you need to bring
plenty of ammunition if you're a bit
shaky because there's lots of ponds
around the place but it is quite
beautiful the whole thing has developed
so majestically over the years I'm sure
Ken with all his forward-thinking could
never have envisaged what has happened
here hotel conference center so many
things children are welcome restaurants
Starbucks coffee shops you name it we've
got it and I'm very very proud to be the
president of the club come and join us
you'll have fun
this wasn't the easiest bit of land to
build a golf course on while all
architects say that and I really think
we've created 18 very nice holes bit of
a slow start but then away the course
runs in front of you not very long but
narrow bit of water about few ponds
which make it all the more difficult I
think we've got three or four classic
holes here that would stand out pretty
well on any inland course in the world
particularly the third but this is my
favorite view of the whole course and
there were a number of them I'm standing
on the 50 looking down across Oh
certainly two counties and maybe a bit
of Wiltshire poking in top left there
but do you ever see anything nicer than
that
well maybe looking through the New
Forest but it takes a lot of beating
particularly if the golf's bad stop and
admire the view
we've got a pretty good collection of
Short Hills here at old thorns they're
all tricky this is one of my favorites
it looks innocent but it's quite
dangerous a bit like yours truly
you'd fellows aren't over when you get
on the green that looks simple enough
doesn't just Punk it down there on the
green but believe you me there are some
vicious slopes down there walking off
here with a three you always have a
smile on your face well we've come to
the 18th hole and what an absolute
cracker it is from the back tee this is
a good par 4 for any player for any
quality or caliber of player it's an
absolute belter running right up in
front of the clubhouse which stands very
proudly just at the back of the green
this is where it all comes to an end but
there's a very warm welcome waiting for
you in the clubhouse see you inside
you